#11869 Configure PyPi trusted publishing. (#12379)
twisted/twisted: docs/development/release-process.rst

#. Use ``Twisted VERSION`` as the name of the release, for example ``Twisted 24.2.0rc1``.
#. Add the release NEWS to GitHub Release page.
#. Make sure 'This is a pre-release` is checked.

> #. Github Actions will upload the dist to PyPI when a new tag is pushed to the repo, using the 'release' environment.

Reviewer: I think that we should also mention  the PyPI side of this configuration.

```suggestion
#. Github Actions will upload the dist to PyPI when a new tag is pushed to the repo, using the GitHub 'release' environment.
#. In PyPI the GitHub Actions `test.yaml` workflow is configure to allow publishing new PyPI releases.
```

We just do a normal release using the calendar base versioning scheme.

We welcome additional volunteers to help drive the release effort.

> Notes
> -----

Reviewer: Maybe have a more explicit title
 
```suggestion
Secirity notes
--------------
```

> The release process uses a GitHub Actions environment, configured here: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The release process uses a GitHub Actions environment, configured here:
```

> The release process uses a GitHub Actions environment, configured here: 

Author: ```suggestion
The release process uses a GitHub Actions environment, configured here:
```

> https://github.com/twisted/twisted/settings/environments/4731362866/edit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release process uses the `release <https://github.com/twisted/twisted/settings/environments/4731362866/edit>`_ GitHub Actions environment.
```

currently only tags of the form 'twisted-*' can use that environment
and only CI runs in that environment can release to PyPI.

> In the future it could be possible to add collaborators who can, for example,

Reviewer: I don't know what this means.

I think it's important to note that that the `test.yaml` GitHub Worflow is approved to trigger a release for PyPI.

If in the future we do a release from a workflow with a different name, we need to update the PyPI security configuration.

Author: But that doesn't work with the all-successful pattern, we should keep this test.yaml forever. If we need to split up the file we can import workflows into it

Reviewer: I wanted to add this mention as I remember that in another project there was a rename from `test.yml` to `test.yaml` and it was confusing why PyPI publishing stopped working

Author: Ah ok, well do you want to add a screenshot of the config here?

Reviewer: I don't think that we should add the screenshot to the docs.

It's enough to have the screenshot on the PR, as a snapshot of the configuration at the time this was merged

We just do a normal release using the calendar base versioning scheme.

We welcome additional volunteers to help drive the release effort.

Secirity notes
--------------

> The release process uses a GitHub Actions environment, configured here:
> https://github.com/twisted/twisted/settings/environments/4731362866/edit
> currently only tags of the form 'twisted-*' can use that environment
> and only CI runs in that environment can release to PyPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release process uses a GitHub Actions environment, configured `here
<https://github.com/twisted/twisted/settings/environments/4731362866/edit>`_.
Currently only branches and tags of the form `twisted-*` can use the `release` environment.
Only jobs from `.github/workflows/test.yaml` that are executed in the `release` environment can release to PyPI.
```
